README.md, before:


* RITESHKUMAR GUPTA, 001280361, gupta.rite@husky.neu.edu
* ROHAN MAGARE, 001231457, magare.r@husky.neu.edu    
* PRATIKSHA S SHETTY, 001643697, shetty.pr@husky.neu.edu
* YOGITA JAIN, 001643815, jain.yo@husky.neu.edu

## Project Title: Web Application Development using Spring boot and Gradle

* The objective of the project is to develop a simple web application wherein a user can be registered and logged in.

1) Prerequisites: 
   * MySql
   * Java jre 8
   * JMeter
   * Apache Tomcat 8

2) Built with:
   * Gradle

3) Includes:
   * .jmx for Jmeter testing
   * travis.yml for travis-ci testing
   * JUnits for unit testing

For running the application locally
Change the property `spring.profiles.active` in application properties to dev

For running the test cases: 
Change the property `spring.profiles.active` in application properties to test
This will run the Junit tests on travisCI. 

This change is needed because the web application is integrated with MySQl database for it to fetch, authenticate and put data and we are using H2 database to run the tests on Travis on git commit.

For running the JMeter test: Change the property spring.profiles.active in application properties to dev This will run the load tests in JMeter.

The load test creates 100 random users and tests the GET, POST, PUT, and DELETE performance of the application.

link to TravisCI: https://travis-ci.com/Riteshgpt11/csye6225-fall2017-lambda

Commit message:

Test the ci after removing gitlab link

README.md, after:


* RITESHKUMAR GUPTA, 001280361, gupta.rite@husky.neu.edu
* ROHAN MAGARE, 001231457, magare.r@husky.neu.edu    
* PRATIKSHA S SHETTY, 001643697, shetty.pr@husky.neu.edu
* YOGITA JAIN, 001643815, jain.yo@husky.neu.edu

## Project Title: Web Application Development using Spring boot and Gradle

* The objective of the project is to develop a simple web application wherein a user can be registered and logged in.

1) Prerequisites: 
   * MySql
   * Java jre 8
   * JMeter
   * Apache Tomcat 8

2) Built with:
   * Gradle

3) Includes:
   * .jmx for Jmeter testing
   * travis.yml for travis-ci testing
   * JUnits for unit testing

For running the application locally
Change the property `spring.profiles.active` in application properties to dev

For running the test cases: 
Change the property `spring.profiles.active` in application properties to test
This will run the Junit tests on travisCI. 

This change is needed because the web application is integrated with MySQl database for it to fetch, authenticate and put data and we are using H2 database to run the tests on Travis on git commit.

For running the JMeter test: Change the property spring.profiles.active in application properties to dev This will run the load tests in JMeter.

The load test creates 100 random users and tests the GET, POST, PUT, and DELETE performance of the application.

link to TravisCI: https://travis-ci.com/Riteshgpt11/csye6225-fall2017-lambd

Test the ci after removing gitlab link
